Welcome to CapsimInbox,
an interactive assessment
that simulates a portion of a
typical workday for a manager.
CapsimInbox is built to assess
key skills - Recognizing Issues,
Investigating Facts, Identifying Stakeholders,
Generating Solutions, and Evaluating Consequences.
Prior to the exercise, you'll complete
a brief self assessment
before diving into your role, and
completing the exercise.
During CapsimInbox,
you will be placed
into a management position
encountering an inbox full
of interactions and scenarios
typical of your role.
Your primary objective is to
respond to emails and messages
in your inbox as efficiently
and effectively as possible.
How you choose to
communicate with your team -
including your supervisor,
direct reports, and assistant -
will determine your success.
There are four main
areas of the Inbox.
Your email backlog - where
you can navigate messages
and flag them for importance.
The drive, where company
files are located,
as well as useful
company information
like organizational charts.
The email display, where
you interact with colleagues
by selecting the best response
from the options provided.
And, the instant messages
panel, which will notify you
when you receive a message.
Remember, this is
a timed exercise.
Once you enter the inbox,
you will have a predetermined
time limit
to select your responses
and complete the exercise.
You can monitor your
time remaining here.
You will not be able to
save and return later.
Before you start the clock,
make sure you complete
the self assessment,
and review the information
provided about your company.
Upon entry - be mindful of
your time, think carefully
about your options,
and do your best.
Good Luck